org/opencv/objdetect/HOGDescriptor.java
 org.opencv.objdetect.HOGDescriptor
org/opencv/android/OpenCVLoader.java
 org.opencv.android.OpenCVLoader
org/opencv/core/MatOfPoint2f.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfPoint2f
org/opencv/features2d/DMatch.java
 org.opencv.features2d.DMatch
org/opencv/contrib/Contrib.java
 org.opencv.contrib.Contrib
org/opencv/core/MatOfPoint3.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfPoint3
org/opencv/ml/CvNormalBayesClassifier.java
 org.opencv.ml.CvNormalBayesClassifier
org/opencv/core/TermCriteria.java
 org.opencv.core.TermCriteria
org/opencv/imgproc/Moments.java
 org.opencv.imgproc.Moments
org/opencv/ml/CvDTree.java
 org.opencv.ml.CvDTree
org/opencv/ml/CvBoost.java
 org.opencv.ml.CvBoost
org/opencv/ml/CvParamGrid.java
 org.opencv.ml.CvParamGrid
org/opencv/gpu/TargetArchs.java
 org.opencv.gpu.TargetArchs
org/opencv/core/MatOfPoint.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfPoint
org/opencv/core/MatOfByte.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfByte
org/opencv/core/MatOfDouble.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfDouble
org/opencv/ml/CvRTParams.java
 org.opencv.ml.CvRTParams
org/opencv/features2d/FeatureDetector.java
 org.opencv.features2d.FeatureDetector
org/opencv/core/Mat.java
 org.opencv.core.Mat
org/opencv/android/JavaCameraView.java
 org.opencv.android.JavaCameraView
 org.opencv.android.JavaCameraView$1
 org.opencv.android.JavaCameraView$CameraWorker
 org.opencv.android.JavaCameraView$JavaCameraFrame
 org.opencv.android.JavaCameraView$JavaCameraSizeAccessor
org/opencv/highgui/VideoCapture.java
 org.opencv.highgui.VideoCapture
org/opencv/core/Algorithm.java
 org.opencv.core.Algorithm
org/opencv/core/CvType.java
 org.opencv.core.CvType
org/opencv/objdetect/CascadeClassifier.java
 org.opencv.objdetect.CascadeClassifier
org/opencv/core/MatOfInt.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfInt
org/opencv/video/BackgroundSubtractorMOG2.java
 org.opencv.video.BackgroundSubtractorMOG2
org/opencv/ml/EM.java
 org.opencv.ml.EM
org/opencv/core/MatOfKeyPoint.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfKeyPoint
org/opencv/features2d/GenericDescriptorMatcher.java
 org.opencv.features2d.GenericDescriptorMatcher
org/opencv/calib3d/StereoBM.java
 org.opencv.calib3d.StereoBM
org/opencv/gpu/Gpu.java
 org.opencv.gpu.Gpu
org/opencv/video/KalmanFilter.java
 org.opencv.video.KalmanFilter
org/opencv/android/NativeCameraView.java
 org.opencv.android.NativeCameraView
 org.opencv.android.NativeCameraView$1
 org.opencv.android.NativeCameraView$CameraWorker
 org.opencv.android.NativeCameraView$NativeCameraFrame
 org.opencv.android.NativeCameraView$OpenCvSizeAccessor
org/opencv/android/Utils.java
 org.opencv.android.Utils
org/opencv/android/CameraBridgeViewBase.java
 org.opencv.android.CameraBridgeViewBase
 org.opencv.android.CameraBridgeViewBase$1
 org.opencv.android.CameraBridgeViewBase$CvCameraViewFrame
 org.opencv.android.CameraBridgeViewBase$CvCameraViewListener
 org.opencv.android.CameraBridgeViewBase$CvCameraViewListener2
 org.opencv.android.CameraBridgeViewBase$CvCameraViewListenerAdapter
 org.opencv.android.CameraBridgeViewBase$ListItemAccessor
org/opencv/core/Size.java
 org.opencv.core.Size
org/opencv/BuildConfig.java
 org.opencv.BuildConfig
org/opencv/android/FpsMeter.java
 org.opencv.android.FpsMeter
org/opencv/core/RotatedRect.java
 org.opencv.core.RotatedRect
org/opencv/android/BaseLoaderCallback.java
 org.opencv.android.BaseLoaderCallback
 org.opencv.android.BaseLoaderCallback$1
 org.opencv.android.BaseLoaderCallback$2
 org.opencv.android.BaseLoaderCallback$3
 org.opencv.android.BaseLoaderCallback$4
 org.opencv.android.BaseLoaderCallback$5
 org.opencv.android.BaseLoaderCallback$6
 org.opencv.android.BaseLoaderCallback$7
org/opencv/imgproc/CLAHE.java
 org.opencv.imgproc.CLAHE
org/opencv/ml/CvGBTreesParams.java
 org.opencv.ml.CvGBTreesParams
org/opencv/ml/CvRTrees.java
 org.opencv.ml.CvRTrees
org/opencv/core/Range.java
 org.opencv.core.Range
org/opencv/features2d/DescriptorExtractor.java
 org.opencv.features2d.DescriptorExtractor
org/opencv/ml/CvKNearest.java
 org.opencv.ml.CvKNearest
org/opencv/features2d/DescriptorMatcher.java
 org.opencv.features2d.DescriptorMatcher
org/opencv/features2d/Features2d.java
 org.opencv.features2d.Features2d
org/opencv/android/AsyncServiceHelper.java
 org.opencv.android.AsyncServiceHelper
 org.opencv.android.AsyncServiceHelper$1
 org.opencv.android.AsyncServiceHelper$2
 org.opencv.android.AsyncServiceHelper$3
 org.opencv.android.AsyncServiceHelper$3$1
 org.opencv.android.AsyncServiceHelper$3$2
org/opencv/core/Rect.java
 org.opencv.core.Rect
org/opencv/imgproc/Imgproc.java
 org.opencv.imgproc.Imgproc
org/opencv/core/MatOfFloat.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfFloat
org/opencv/core/Core.java
 org.opencv.core.Core
 org.opencv.core.Core$MinMaxLocResult
org/opencv/ml/CvGBTrees.java
 org.opencv.ml.CvGBTrees
org/opencv/highgui/Highgui.java
 org.opencv.highgui.Highgui
org/opencv/core/CvException.java
 org.opencv.core.CvException
org/opencv/features2d/KeyPoint.java
 org.opencv.features2d.KeyPoint
org/opencv/video/Video.java
 org.opencv.video.Video
org/opencv/engine/OpenCVEngineInterface.java
 org.opencv.engine.OpenCVEngineInterface
 org.opencv.engine.OpenCVEngineInterface$Default
 org.opencv.engine.OpenCVEngineInterface$Stub
 org.opencv.engine.OpenCVEngineInterface$Stub$Proxy
org/opencv/core/Scalar.java
 org.opencv.core.Scalar
org/opencv/ml/CvANN_MLP_TrainParams.java
 org.opencv.ml.CvANN_MLP_TrainParams
org/opencv/ml/CvBoostParams.java
 org.opencv.ml.CvBoostParams
org/opencv/core/Point3.java
 org.opencv.core.Point3
org/opencv/ml/CvERTrees.java
 org.opencv.ml.CvERTrees
org/opencv/video/BackgroundSubtractorMOG.java
 org.opencv.video.BackgroundSubtractorMOG
org/opencv/android/StaticHelper.java
 org.opencv.android.StaticHelper
org/opencv/photo/Photo.java
 org.opencv.photo.Photo
org/opencv/core/MatOfFloat6.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfFloat6
org/opencv/ml/CvANN_MLP.java
 org.opencv.ml.CvANN_MLP
org/opencv/core/MatOfPoint3f.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfPoint3f
org/opencv/calib3d/StereoSGBM.java
 org.opencv.calib3d.StereoSGBM
org/opencv/ml/CvStatModel.java
 org.opencv.ml.CvStatModel
org/opencv/core/MatOfFloat4.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfFloat4
org/opencv/imgproc/Subdiv2D.java
 org.opencv.imgproc.Subdiv2D
org/opencv/ml/CvSVM.java
 org.opencv.ml.CvSVM
org/opencv/android/InstallCallbackInterface.java
 org.opencv.android.InstallCallbackInterface
org/opencv/video/BackgroundSubtractor.java
 org.opencv.video.BackgroundSubtractor
org/opencv/android/LoaderCallbackInterface.java
 org.opencv.android.LoaderCallbackInterface
org/opencv/calib3d/Calib3d.java
 org.opencv.calib3d.Calib3d
org/opencv/core/MatOfDMatch.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfDMatch
org/opencv/gpu/DeviceInfo.java
 org.opencv.gpu.DeviceInfo
org/opencv/contrib/FaceRecognizer.java
 org.opencv.contrib.FaceRecognizer
org/opencv/objdetect/Objdetect.java
 org.opencv.objdetect.Objdetect
org/opencv/ml/CvSVMParams.java
 org.opencv.ml.CvSVMParams
org/opencv/ml/Ml.java
 org.opencv.ml.Ml
org/opencv/core/MatOfRect.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfRect
org/opencv/ml/CvDTreeParams.java
 org.opencv.ml.CvDTreeParams
org/opencv/core/Point.java
 org.opencv.core.Point
org/opencv/utils/Converters.java
 org.opencv.utils.Converters
org/opencv/core/MatOfInt4.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfInt4
org/opencv/contrib/StereoVar.java
 org.opencv.contrib.StereoVar
